1 – Two jazz guitarists meet in a bar, and one says, “Yeah man, I bought your last album, it was awesome!” to which the other replies, “Oh so that was you!”.

2 – What’s the difference between an electric guitar player and a vacuum cleaner?
When you unplug a vacuum cleaner it doesn’t suck anymore.

3 – What’s the difference between a Fender and a Gretsch?
The Gretsch burns longer.

4 – The fact that there’s a Highway To Hell but only a Stairway To Heaven says a lot about anticipated traffic numbers.

5 – What’s the difference between a lead guitarist and a terrorist?
You can negotiate with a terrorist.

6 – What do you call a guitarist who breaks up with his girlfriend?
Homeless

7 – What’s the difference between a lawnmower and an Electric Guitar?
You can tune a lawnmower.

8 – How do you figure out who the guitar player is at a party?
He’ll tell you.

9 – Two guys were walking down the street. One was destitute. The other was a guitar player, too.

10 – A man asks the devil: “how much does it cost to be the greatest guitar player in the world?”
The devil says: “Give me your Soul.”
The man asks: “What can i get for a dollar?”
Devil: “Greatest bass player in the world.”

11 – Why are so many guitar player jokes one liners?
So the rest of the band can understand them.

12 – How does a guitar player protect his Guitar from being stolen?
Store it in a bass case

13 – What’s the range of a Gibson Les Paul?
Depends on how far you throw it.

14 – Why do guitarists prefer playing guitar to cycling?
Because with a bike you only get two pedals.

15 – How can you tell when your guitarist is out of tune?
His hand starts moving.

16 – How long does it take to tune a 12-string guitar?
Nobody knows.

17 – Why bury guitar players 6 feet under?
Because deep down, they’re all very nice people.

18 – How do you get two guitar players to play in perfect unison?
Shoot One.

19 – How do you know someone’s a really good guitarist?
He’ll tell you!

20 – Why do lead guitarists walk around the stage when they play?
To get away from the sound.